11) What was your source of information about periods before you actually got them?

BEST ANSWER - Pain in my legs and stomach

My mother

Friends

My teachers

sessions by Obgyns

Oxford dictionary

My elder sister

sanitary napkin ads

Zero knowledge coz I was too young

google

cousin

That workshop

7/10(TF?)


12) Are there things you do differently if you are on your period vs a regular day? What are those things and how do you do them differently?

sleep alot

my mood starts changing every hour

baby steps while walking

i avoid jumping and stressfull things
eat more liquid foods

I prefer not to talk to people around me at workplace or men because I may burst out my anger due pain

Its total holiday from each and every thing I do everyday

I don't wear light coloured clothes on these days

I don't stay in college for a long time

I try reducing physical work as much as possible
the urge to poop a lot but you never know when the urge is real 

Exercise less if I'm at home

I'm also expected to not eat chocolates and be extra cautious about where I sit

I stop thinking that im in period and spend my day as normal one.

I don't like to do a lot of work that involves standing up for longer durations because the first two days involve a constant back ache and leg pain

I cry. 

I don't like wearing jeans or tight fitting pants

I also sleep on my side when I'm on my period.

I just usually pop some tablets for period cramps 

I tend to stay cuddled up in bed longer and often I bring work as well to bed

I prefer wearing dark colored clothes because I usually end up getting my dress stained

During periods, I am not allowed to do puja.

I am not allowed to enter in our kitchen.

Avoid eating non-veg

Avoid eating non-veg

I drink warm milk more often to ease the pain

eat lots of wafers

I just watch Netflix with my favourite person.

I don't eat a lot of spicy food


13)Do you remember from memory, when your next period would arrive?
YES - 57 responses
NO - 25 responses


14)How important is it to know your period dates for you?

Very important.

Having periods late or early is normal only once or twice but it is not normal, or may be a sign of not a healthy lifestyle or I'm going to suffer from any ovarian or uterine disorder So yeah! It's important to keep a track of 28-30days for 3-5 days

It's important so I am prepared for it, in the sense of, carrying sanitary napkins etc

If I'm going on a trip or to stay at a friends house, I need to know I have to pack period supplies.

Both mentally and physically I have to be ready as due to low hemoglobin I have to increase intake of pomegranate, beetroot during those days

Not really. It's never regular.

I don’t think it’s that important, cuz I’ll have symptoms like stomach ache, pimples and all stuff.

I don't wanna feel anxious waiting for it.

I'd say 7/10 on the importance scale for now as I'm still a Student.




